# AccelarateSynthesisMiner
Code base and experimental results for the paper "Accelerating Synthesis-Rules-Based Process Discovery", which aims to show accleration improvements for the Synthesis Miner (https://github.com/tsunghao-huang/synthesisRulesMiner) [1], [2].

# Experiments

## Logs and models
The event logs used for the experiment can be found in the log folder. It contains two event logs extracted from four public-available real-life event logs, which are:

- BPI Challenge 2017: https://doi.org/10.4121/uuid:3926db30-f712-4394-aebc-75976070e91f
- helpdesk: https://doi.org/10.4121/uuid:0c60edf1-6f83-4e75-9367-4c63b3e9d5bb

The corresponding models generated by Inductive Miner - infrequent, with each having a threshold of 0.2 and 0.4, are contained in the model folder. 


## Experiment 1 (Setting e1)
The experiment tested the usege of the log heuristics extension.
Results contain the generation and evaluation times as well as quality measures of the selected models for each activity of the selected log/model.
They are stored in the /experiments/ex1 folder. 
Files with the suffix '_old.csv' represent the results without the extension.


## Experiment 2 (Setting e2)
The experiment tested the usage of minimal subnet extraction extension.
Results contain the generation and evaluation times as well as quality measures of the selected models for each activity of the selected log/model.
They are stored in the /experiments/ex2 folder. 

## Experiment 1 + 2 (Setting e1+e2)
The experiment tested the combined usage of the log heuristics extension and minimal subnet extraction extension.
Results contain the generation and evaluation times as well as quality measures of the selected models for each activity of the selected log/model.
They are stored in the /experiments/ex2 folder. 

# 
[1] Huang, T., van der Aalst, W.M.P.: Discovering sound free-choice workflow nets with non-block structures. In: EDOC. Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol.13585, pp. 200–216. Springer (2022)
[2] Huang, T., van der Aalst, W.M.P.: Unblocking inductive miner - while preserving desirable properties. In: BPMDS/EMMSAD@CAiSE. Lecture Notes in Business Information Processing, vol. 479, pp. 327–342. Springer (2023)
